Added documentations for how to run DAGs in development alongside how to add new documentations. (#4388)
WordPress/openverse: documentation/catalog/guides/dag_testing.md

> # Running DAGs in development

Reviewer: Do you mind changing this title? "In development" can be a bit ambiguous, because I could imagine that we might be iterating on a DAG that's actually deployed in production. I think making the "local running" part of this explicit would help:
```suggestion
# Running DAGs locally
```

[Apache Airflow](https://airflow.apache.org/) is used to manage the workflow for
various API ETL jobs which pull and process data from a number of open APIs on
the internet. These workflows are otherwise known as DAGs. This document

> describes how to run or test out these DAGs, locally during development.

Reviewer: It looks like this first line is pulled from our catalog quickstart documentation 😄 Rather than repeat the same text here, maybe we can say something simpler, like `Apache Airflow is used to manage our workflows (DAGs) in the catalog. For more information see [our quickstart guide](/catalog/guides/quickstart.md#api-data)`?

> describes how to run or test out these DAGs, locally during development.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
describes how to run or test out these DAGs locally during development.
```

> Additionally, It is worth noting that not all DAGs can be run successfully in

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Additionally, it is worth noting that not all DAGs can be run successfully in
```

development as some of them require API keys from the provider. However, some
other DAGs like the ones for SMK or Finnish Museums do not require API keys and

> you should be able to successfully run them locally.

Reviewer: Wording nit:
```suggestion
can be run locally without any additional keys.
```

## Getting started

1. Refer to and follow the instructions at [Quickstart](./quickstart.md) to
   setup and make sure the catalog service is up and running. If you have
   successfully completed the general setup then this can be started by running

>    `just c`.

Reviewer: We should use the full command here, just to be explicit:
```suggestion
   `just catalog/up`.
```

2. Navigate to http://localhost:9090

![Airflow Login Page](/_static/airflow_login.png)

3. You should be met with an authentication page, use `airflow` as both the
   username and password to log in.

![Airflow Home Page](/_static/airflow_home.png)

4. Search for or scroll down to any DAG of choice that does not require an API
   key and click on it. We are using the `finnish_museums_workflow` for this
   example.

![Airflow DAG Index](/_static/dag_index.png)

5. Click the toggle button labelled "DAG" at the top left, an alert box pops up
   for you to confirm the action, click "OK" to continue. A run will get kicked
   off.

>    This is a scheduled run so might not start immediately, to trigger an
>    immediate run instead, you should click on the "Trigger DAG" button
>    represented by a "play" icon at the top right.

Reviewer: Slight wording change here based on behavior Airflow currently exhibits:
```suggestion
   DAGs which are run on a schedule (like this one) will usually kick
   off immediately, though the page may need to be refreshed in order to
   view the run. If you wish to kick off a new DAG run, you should click
   on the "Trigger DAG" button represented by a "play" icon at the top
   right of the page.
```

![Airflow DAG Unpaused](/_static/dag_unpaused.png)

6. To get a summary of the DAG, click on the "DAG Docs" accordion and you should
   see an overview of the DAG displayed.

> For more info about how Airflow works in general, check out their
> [documentation on the UI](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/ui.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: For more info about how Airflow works in general, check out their
> [documentation on the UI](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/ui.html).
```
